Readme.md, before:

## uvc-gadget

**Upstream project [uvc-gadget](http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git) has been updated and continuous maintenance**

**Please refer to http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git**

UVC gadget userspace enhancement sample application

Fork from  
[uvc-gadget.git](http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git)  
Apply enhancement Bhupesh Sharma's patchset  
[UVC gadget test application enhancements](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg84376.html)  
and Robert Baldyga's patchset  
[Bugfixes for UVC gadget test application](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg99220.html)  

## How to use

    Usage: ./uvc-gadget [options]
    
    Available options are
        -b             Use bulk mode
        -d             Do not use any real V4L2 capture device
        -f <format>    Select frame format
                0 = V4L2_PIX_FMT_YUYV
                1 = V4L2_PIX_FMT_MJPEG
        -h             Print this help screen and exit
        -i image       MJPEG image
        -m             Streaming mult for ISOC (b/w 0 and 2)
        -n             Number of Video buffers (b/w 2 and 32)
        -o <IO method> Select UVC IO method:
                0 = MMAP
                1 = USER_PTR
        -r <resolution> Select frame resolution:
                0 = 360p, VGA (640x360)
                1 = 720p, WXGA (1280x720)
        -s <speed>     Select USB bus speed (b/w 0 and 2)
                0 = Full Speed (FS)
                1 = High Speed (HS)
                2 = Super Speed (SS)
        -t             Streaming burst (b/w 0 and 15)
        -u device      UVC Video Output device
        -v device      V4L2 Video Capture device

## Build  

- host:  
    make
- Cross compile:  
    make ARCH=arch CROSS_COMPILE=cross_compiler  
    eg:  
    make ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-hisiv600-linux-  
- or:  
    set ARCH, CROSS_COMPILE, KERNEL_DIR in Makefile

## Change log

- Apply patchset [Bugfixes for UVC gadget test application](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg99220.html)  

- Apply patchset [UVC gadget test application enhancements](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg84376.html)  

- Add Readme/.gitignore and documentations  
  Copy linux-3.18.y/drivers/usb/gadget/function/uvc.h into repository, change include path for build

### Initial

- Fork(copy) from [uvc-gadget.git](http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git)

Commit message:

Some quick updates to make things more awesome-r.

Readme.md, after:

## uvc-gadget

> **NOTE**: This repository was originally forked from https://github.com/climberhunt/uvc-gadget, which itself was forked from https://github.com/wlhe/uvc-gadget, which is a fork from the original project... so it's a little bit of a mess here. Anyways, this little aside at the top of the README is the only bit that I have updated in the README so far.
>
> To be perfectly honest, I am still trying to learn the ins-and-outs of uvc-gadget and OTG usage before I feel confident enough to make the README actually comprehensible to humans who are not neck-deep in this stuff. I love good documentation, but I hate misleading or hard-to-read documentation.
>
> Anyways, check out https://github.com/geerlingguy/pi-webcam for the downstream and user-friendly usage of this project.
>
> – geerlingguy

**Upstream project [uvc-gadget](http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git) has been updated and continuous maintenance**

**Please refer to http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git**

UVC gadget userspace enhancement sample application

Fork from  
[uvc-gadget.git](http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git)  
Apply enhancement Bhupesh Sharma's patchset  
[UVC gadget test application enhancements](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg84376.html)  
and Robert Baldyga's patchset  
[Bugfixes for UVC gadget test application](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg99220.html)  

## How to use

    Usage: ./uvc-gadget [options]
    
    Available options are
        -b             Use bulk mode
        -d             Do not use any real V4L2 capture device
        -f <format>    Select frame format
                0 = V4L2_PIX_FMT_YUYV
                1 = V4L2_PIX_FMT_MJPEG
        -h             Print this help screen and exit
        -i image       MJPEG image
        -m             Streaming mult for ISOC (b/w 0 and 2)
        -n             Number of Video buffers (b/w 2 and 32)
        -o <IO method> Select UVC IO method:
                0 = MMAP
                1 = USER_PTR
        -r <resolution> Select frame resolution:
                0 = 360p, VGA (640x360)
                1 = 720p, WXGA (1280x720)
        -s <speed>     Select USB bus speed (b/w 0 and 2)
                0 = Full Speed (FS)
                1 = High Speed (HS)
                2 = Super Speed (SS)
        -t             Streaming burst (b/w 0 and 15)
        -u device      UVC Video Output device
        -v device      V4L2 Video Capture device

## Build  

- host:  
    make
- Cross compile:  
    make ARCH=arch CROSS_COMPILE=cross_compiler  
    eg:  
    make ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-hisiv600-linux-  
- or:  
    set ARCH, CROSS_COMPILE, KERNEL_DIR in Makefile

## Change log

- Apply patchset [Bugfixes for UVC gadget test application](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg99220.html)  

- Apply patchset [UVC gadget test application enhancements](https://www.spinics.net/lists/linux-usb/msg84376.html)  

- Add Readme/.gitignore and documentations  
  Copy linux-3.18.y/drivers/usb/gadget/function/uvc.h into repository, change include path for build

### Initial

- Fork(copy) from [uvc-gadget.git](http://git.ideasonboard.org/uvc-gadget.git)
